# TLA+ Meeting 10/11/2021
10:07 - Begin meeting

10:08 - Agenda:
 * Hear from Haskell & Rust Foundations, Microsoft Open Source Office
 * Decide scope & mission: use Leslie's name? What is the mission statement?
 * Join existing foundation? Linux, Eclipse, Cloud Native, etc.

10:11 - Haskell Foundation (HF) Simon Peyton Jones
 * Simon Peyton Jones is leaving Microsoft
 * Should we just fork the HF goals, values, and mission statement?
 * HF did not join an existing foundation (did not know it was an option)
 * HF seems to be focusing more on small individual donors rather than FAMANG companies
 * Benefits of sponsorship is basically only getting your logo on the website

10:14 - Rust Foundation (RF) Florian Gilcher
 * RF forced to begin when Mozilla ended funding for project - rushed to get it started
 * Much larger than HF
 * More professional-type relations compared to HF, has competing factions
 * HF does not fund development, RF does fund development
 * RF did not join existing foundation, large enough to do everything in-house

10:18 - Microsoft Open Source Office (MOSO)
 * Recommends joining Linux or Eclipse foundations
 * Both are tax-exempt, based in US

10:18 - EU vs. US-based foundation
 * EU companies more willing to donate workers
 * US companies more willing to donate money
 * Eclipse moved from US to EU

10:20 - Which foundation to join?
 * Linux and Eclipse Foundations have both outgrown their original project, fairly diverse
 * IBM has influence in Eclipse foundation
 * Several Open Networking Foundation (ONF) projects used to be part of LF
 * Apache Foundation? They probably require Apache license
 * What are the requirements to join these foundations?
 * EF requires ownership (copyright) of the source code
 * EF very strict about external dependencies - focus on licensing for industry use

10:27 - TLA+ user/market study
 * What area of the world should we be focusing on for TLA+ growth?
 * Europe, US, China?
 * Nokia just left an open-source telecom standards org because of US/China hostilities
 * Would be issue regardless of whether foundation is in US or EU
 * Do we go for individual users or large companies?

10:31 - TLA+ Foundation website
 * Currently owned by Markus; he can transfer ownership to foundation
 * NVIDIA, Cockroach Labs both interested in joining foundation
 * Need to have good wording on Foundation landing page
 * Do we need to have joined a foundation before reaching out to companies?

10:34 - Linux vs. Eclipse
 * Early TLA+ Foundation (TLAF) will fund development directly - more aligned with EF?
 * Companies unlikely to donate worker time at first
 * TLA+ use inside companies is generally fairly organic, sporadic rather than ongoing
 * TLA+ is not a critical resource compared to Rust - does not need to continue functioning
 * TLA+ is not something you build on top of - a tool, not a library or framework
 * Is TLAF eligible for funding from MSR?
 * Could TLAF get funding or work with INRIA? Can Stephan apply?
 * Individual researchers can get grant from INRIA to work on TLA+

10:38 - Funding sources
 * Blockchain communities largely situated in Switzerland and Singapore
 * Would Leslie himself help with fundraising? Will he be part of the TLAF?
 * Leslie wants us to be the future

10:41 - What do we need to do?
 * Some people work on landing page and mission statement
 * Some people figure out where foundation should be based
 * Some people figure out which foundation to join
 * Find more founding members
 * MOSO can arrange meetings with foundation members

10:46 - Assignments
 * Markus will write the first draft of the TLAF goals/values/etc.
 * Andrew, Ron, Jordan will talk to fundations through MOSO
 * Hillel will look into user study

10:48 - Should we expand foundation scope beyond TLA+?
 * Mathematical thinking in software engineering
 * Formal Methods Europe foundation?
 * Could we eventually be a parent foundation for multiple formal methods projects?
 * INRIA has a parent foundation but doesn't seem we can join
 * Easier to expand mission of foundation than contract it

10:52 - Foundation starting point
 * If we were to join a foundation, could we ever leave?
 * EF has copyright so it would be more difficult to leave
 * RF just hired execs their first year who went around knocking on doors
 * Talk to companies, get an idea of how much funding we can theoretically get
 * Hybrid model - join Linux foundation while also starting own foundation?
 * Timeline for user study - sooner the better
 * Go into hibernation - with programming tools do you have to sprint to stay in place?

10:59 - Membership levels
 * Individual levels vs. company levels
 * Annual fees vs. one-time donation

11:01 - Schedule next meeting
 * When will we have progress on mission statement & foundation details?
 * Markus will schedule next meeting - one month?