# TLA+ Meeting 01/25/2022
2m:
  * Ron in contact with Oracle over some program to get money for researchers
  * Meeting in late February
  * Oracle had posted a verification engineer job based in India
  * Ron is unsure which team inside Oracle posted this job; cloud? Blockchain?
11m:
  * Going over chart of who should speak with what company
  * Andrew & Hillel - ask about Facebook? Have they used TLA+?
  * Facebook has asked around about TLA+ classes, uncertain whether any use
  * Need to finish one-pager to send to companies; Ron will work on this
  * Should membership structure be included in one-pager?
15m:
  * What about mid-size companies like CockroachDB, etc.
  * What would those mid-size companies want out of funding the foundation?
  * Anything less than $50k/year commitment from companies probably not worth effort
20m:
  * Use foundation as certification entity? Certified TLA+ engineer
  * Many other Linux foundation projects take this approach
  * Can certify teachers of TLA+ instead of engineers themselves
  * Markus is teaching TLA+ at Microsoft now
23m:
  * Consensus seems to be joining the Linux foundation
  * Trademark has to be moved to open source entity
  * For leaving, if we remain open source we can get trademark back (probably)
  * Onboarding to Linux foundation temporarily blocked for non-blockchain projects?
28m:
  * If we just get Microsoft and Amazon, that should be enough to start
  * Microsoft already gives a lot of money to TLA+ internally
  * Letters of intent - they have to talk to legal departments
  * Is it required to have donors before graduating from project to foundation?
  * Can Microsoft's internal TLA+ support be redirected to foundation?
47m:
  * Action items
50m:
  * Discussion about model-based testing vs. trace validation
