# TLA+ Meeting 05/28/2024

MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD (FOR PUBLIC RELEASE)

A meeting of the Governing Board of the TLA+ Foundation was held on 28th MAY 2024 at 11:04 am Eastern Time via teleconference.

**Governing Board Members In Attendance**

<table>
  <tr>
   <th>TLA+ Board Members
   </th>
   <th>Present
   </th>
   <th>Company
   </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Chris Newcombe
   </td>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Oracle America Inc.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Leslie Lamport 
   </td>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft Corporation
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>julia ferraioli
   </td>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Amazon Web Services
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
<tr>
<th>Linux Foundation Staff</th>
<th>Present</th>
<th>Title</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Khahil White</td>
<td>X</td>
<td>Program Manager</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Dr. Amanda Martin</td>
<td>X</td>
<td>Program Director</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>John Walicki</td>
<td>X</td>
<td>Director of Program Management</td>
</tr>
</table>

### Introduction

Khahil White (KW) called the meeting to order at 11:00 am Eastern Time, Khahil White (KW) recorded the minutes. A quorum of Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Attendance, Antitrust, Voting

KW introduced the objectives and agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics added.

### Staffing Update

KW introduced Dr. Amanda Martin, who will be taking over PMO responsibilities on the TLA+ Foundation.

### Governing Board Meeting Cadence

KW introduced the topic of scheduling the GB meeting cadence. No consensus was reached, so the PMO will follow up via email and establish a schedule.

### Grant Decisions

KW facilitated a discussion on the range of TLA+ Foundation grants.

Decisions: Grants will range from $1,000 USD to $100,000 USD.

Chris Newcombe (CN) to build a list of people to review grant applications.

### Additional Topics

KW called for additional topics, and Chris Newcombe (CN) mentioned renewal cycle timing.

John Walicki explained the process for membership renewal, stating that since Oracle has already signed a participation agreement and is not changing it, the renewal would occur automatically based on the previous agreement.

### Closing

KW called the meeting to a close, and the Governing Board's meeting was adjourned at 11:52 AM Eastern Time.

**Action Items**

- [x] PMO to deliver embed code to Julia
- [ ] Revise copy on submission form
- [x] PMO to revise timelines
  - Announcement of Call for Proposals - June 15
  - Form and website online (TLA+ conf)
  - Submission Deadline - July 31
  - Review of proposals from July 31 to approximately August 30, 2024.
  - Notification to Applicants - September 2
  - Decisions communicated by September 2, 2024.
- [x] PMO to send board grant proposal template examples
- [x] PMO to establish GB meeting cadence
- [x] PMO to follow up on Gsuite and MX records with LF IT team
- [ ] Asynchronous: TLA+ Website discussion
- [x] Review the TLA+ Foundation charter for any other unfulfilled obligations

**Topics for the next meeting**

- Website
- Getting new members and building a pitch deck
- Building a Specifications Committee, as stated in the charter
- Building an Outreach Committee, as stated in the charter

**Async Vote:**

Stephan Merz is the chair of the Specification Language Committee (“SLC”).
